Change `standard library` term to `Ballerina library` (#7834)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: components/ai/code/ai-bbe/create-images-with-dall-e.md

---
title: 'Create images with DALL-E and Stable Diffusion'

> description: "Stable Diffusion and OpenAI’s DALL-E image APIs generate or edit images with text based instructions. Ballerina’s powerful library makes uploading, downloading and processing images a breeze."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Stable Diffusion and OpenAI’s DALL-E image APIs generate or edit images with text based instructions. The powerful Ballerina libray makes uploading, downloading and processing images a breeze."
```

Reviewer: IMO Ballerina library going together is better as it is consistent and give correct context. Check and fix all places.

Author: Fixed.

> description: "Stable Diffusion and OpenAI’s DALL-E image APIs generate or edit images with text based instructions. The powerful Ballerina libray makes uploading, downloading and processing images a breeze."

Reviewer 2: WDYT?
```suggestion
description: "Stable Diffusion and OpenAI’s DALL-E image APIs generate or edit images with text based instructions. The power of Ballerina libraries makes uploading, downloading and processing images a breeze."
```

Author: Saying `ballerina libraries` is incorrect as per https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/7782#issuecomment-1723704068. Instead, we can have the sentence below.

`The power of the Ballerina library makes uploading, downloading, and processing images a breeze.`

@anupama-pathirage

Reviewer: +1

Author: Updated.
